Update README.md (#979)
graphql/graphql.github.io: README.md

# Source Repository for graphql.org

> This repository contains the source code of [GrapQL](https://graphql.org)

Reviewer: Small typo:

```suggestion
This repository contains the source code of [GraphQL](https://graphql.org)
```

Reviewer 2: I'd also add that this is the source code for the GraphQL _website_ (as to not be confused with the spec)

```suggestion
This repository contains the source code for the [GraphQL website](https://graphql.org).
```

> > [Invite link to slack channel](https://graphql-slack.herokuapp.com/)

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can mention that there's a specific Slack channel dedicated to the website? 

Perhaps something like...

```suggestion
> You can find more discussions on the [#website channel on the GraphQL Slack](https://graphql.slack.com/messages/website/). [Get your invite here!](https://graphql-slack.herokuapp.com/) 
```

**GraphQL 🎉** is a query language for APIs and a runtime for fulfilling those queries with your existing data.

> **GraphQL 🎉** provides a complete and understandable description of the data in your API, gives clients the power to ask for exactly what they need and nothing more, makes it easier to evolve APIs over time, and enables powerful developer tools.

Reviewer 2: Curious, why have two descriptions instead of merging them into one?

## Documentation
- [Site](https://graphql.org/)

> - [User guide](https://graphql.org/code/)

Reviewer 2: The `Code` page isn't exactly a user guide, it's more of a list of available libraries, tools, and services. 

I'd suggest updating it to something like this:
```suggestion
- [Language support, tools, and services](https://graphql.org/code/)
```

> - [API documentation](https://graphql.org/learn/)

Reviewer 2: `API` isn't quite right here, as there's a separate site for the [spec documentation](https://spec.graphql.org/) (which could also be worth noting in this section). `Reference` might be a more appropriate word choice.

```suggestion
- [Reference documentation](https://graphql.org/learn/)
```

I'd also move this point above the Code page as it's the most prominent part of the site.

> 

Reviewer 2: I'd opt for featuring all of the main pages in this section so people are able to get an overview of what is available on the site.

```suggestion
- [Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)](https://graphql.org/faq/)
- [Community resources](https://graphql.org/community/)

```

## How to contribute
If you want to report a bug or if you just want to request for a new feature/improvement Check out our [contributing guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for detailed instructions for how to make changes to [Graphql 🎉](https://graphql.org/)

> Thanks for taking time to contribute to Graphql 🎉 👍

Reviewer 2: I'm maybe biased but I'd keep the original copy as it's succinct and there are many more ways for people to contribute to the docs 😊

Reviewer 2: So here's my suggestion that would combine the old language and the new reference to the GraphQL website:

```suggestion
Check out our [contributing guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for detailed instructions on how to make changes to the GraphQL website 🎉
```

# Source Repository for graphql.org

> This repository contains the source code of [GraphQL](https://graphql.org)
> > You can find more discussions on the [#website channel on the GraphQL Slack](https://graphql.slack.com/messages/website/). [Get your invite here!](https://graphql-slack.herokuapp.com/) 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This repository contains the source code for the [GraphQL website](https://graphql.org).

> You can find more discussions on the [#website channel on the GraphQL Slack](https://graphql.slack.com/messages/website/). [Get your invite here!](https://graphql-slack.herokuapp.com/) 
```

> **GraphQL 🎉** is a query language for APIs and a runtime for fulfilling those queries with your existing data.

Reviewer 2: Removing this and adding to the next paragraph:

```suggestion
```

> **GraphQL 🎉** provides a complete and understandable description of the data in your API, gives clients the power to ask for exactly what they need and nothing more, makes it easier to evolve APIs over time, and enables powerful developer tools.

Reviewer 2: Combining the two descriptions, plus adding a note about the spec:

```suggestion
A brief overview: **GraphQL** is a query language for APIs and a runtime for fulfilling those queries with your existing data. It provides a complete and understandable description of the data in your API, gives clients the power to ask for exactly what they need, and enables powerful developer tools. The [specification](https://spec.graphql.org/) is open source and governed by the [GraphQL Foundation](https://foundation.graphql.org/). 
```

## Documentation
- [Site](https://graphql.org/)

> - [Language support, tools, and services](https://graphql.org/code/)
> - [Reference documentation](https://graphql.org/learn/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Reference documentation](https://graphql.org/learn/)
- [Language support, tools, and services](https://graphql.org/code/)
```
